---
layout: content
title: 문장의 기본 구조(37)
permalink: /info/Language/E1.md/
---
## SV/SVA; *A = Adverbial Phrase
1. If you don’t have the power to change yourself, then nothing will change around you.
2. There is always something better out there if you’re willing to work for it.
3. Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
4. Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts.
5. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
6. Pink Floyd’s The Dark Side of the Moon stayed on the Billboard chart for 741 weeks.

## SVC; * C = Complement
1. Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.
2. There’s a saying. Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the “present.”
3. We are like tea-bags. We don’t know our own strength until we’re in hot water.
4. I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and that can grow brave by reflection.
5. A wise man may look ridiculous in the company of fools.
6. If you feel threatened every time a perceived rival does well, remind yourself of your own strengths and successes.



## SVO / SVOA;
1. I stand on my desk to remind myself that we must constantly look at things in a different way.
2. Advertisers change people’s thinking by using language which appeals to emotions.
3. Repeat anything often enough and it will start to become you.
4. We should stop supporting the hunting of our endangered species.
5. Being happy means that you realize there are times that you will be unhappy and recognize that life sometimes stinks.
6. I have seen firsthand that being President doesn’t change who you are - it reveals who you are.
7. We’re not perfect. But that doesn’t mean we can lay some of our baggage on someone else.
8. If you have trouble taking to your parents, write them a letter and put it on their pillow. Parents love letters like this and will probably keep them forever.


## SVOO;
1. Many businesses send furture customers free gifts or samples in order to promote their products.
2. Adversity frequently gives one an opportunity to discover one’s abilities.
3. Summarize the ideas you have been learning in one sentence. Doing this offers you a god baseline of understanding.
4. All the wealth of the world could not buy you a friend. It could not pay you for the loss of one, either.
5. You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and (when they) refuse to tell you where they’re going.


## SVOC
1. If all sides of a rectangle have the same length, we call it a square.
2. In order to change an existing paradigm, don’t struggle to change it. Instead,  create a new model and make the old one obsolete.
3. Keep your friends close, but (keep) your enimies closer.
4. A foolish man thinks himself wise, but a wise man consider himself foolish.


## SVO; 특정 전명구를 짝으로 취하는 동사
1. Before the game started, the instructor reminded us of a few simple rules.
2. Clear your mind of can’t
3. The website provides one-person houlseholds with easy cooking recipes.
4. Do not compare yourself with those above you.
5. The moment you blame anyone for anything, your relationships and your personal power deteriorate.
6. Eskimos use refrigerators to keep food from freezing.
7. It takes training to be able to distinguish a replica from an original work of art.
8. Many a movie or play owes its success to the supporting cast’s performances.

