---
layout: content
title: Agile software development
permalink: /info/Engineering/Soft/E1.md/
---
0. Intro
Although there are many approaches to rapid software development, they share some fundamental characteristics:
1. The processes of specification, design, and implementation are interleaved.
There is no detailed system specification, and design documentation is minimized
or generated automatically by the programming environment used to
implement the system. The user requirements document only defines the most
important characteristics of the system.

2. The system is developed in a series of versions. End-users and other system
stakeholders are involved in specifying and evaluating each version. They may
propose changes to the software and new requirements that should be implemented
in a later version of the system.

3. System user interfaces are often developed using an interactive development
system that allows the interface design to be quickly created by drawing and placing
icons on the interface. The system may then generate a web-based interface for
a browser or an interface for a specific platform such as Microsoft Windows.

## Agile methods
1. Agile methods have been very successful for some types of system development:

- Product development where a software company is developing a small or
medium-sized product for sale.

- Custom system development within an organization, where there is a clear commitment
from the customer to become involved in the development process and
where there are not a lot of external rules and regulations that affect the software.

2. In practice, the principles underlying agile methods are sometimes difficult to
realize:
- Although the idea of customer involvement in the development process is an
attractive one, its success depends on having a customer who is willing and able
to spend time with the development team and who can represent all system
stakeholders. Frequently, the customer representatives are subject to other pressures
and cannot take full part in the software development.
- Individual team members may not have suitable personalities for the intense
involvement that is typical of agile methods, and therefore not interact well with
other team members.
- Prioritizing changes can be extremely difficult, especially in systems for which
there are many stakeholders. Typically, each stakeholder gives different priorities
to different changes.
- Maintaining simplicity requires extra work. Under pressure from delivery
schedules, the team members may not have time to carry out desirable system
simplifications.
- Many organizations, especially large companies, have spent years changing
their culture so that processes are defined and followed. It is difficult for them to
move to a working model in which processes are informal and defined by development
teams.

## Plan-driven and agile development

## Extreme programming

## Agile project management

## Scaling agile methods


